[Azure AD roles] assignedPrincipals method (#16222)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/unifiedroledefinition-assignedprincipals.md

---

> title: "assignedPrincipals"

Reviewer: @rolyon - we need better title for search engines. Some options - 
List assignedPrincipals
List transitive assignedPrincipals,
List and count assignedPrincipals

Author: Changed to List assignedPrincipals

> description: "Get the users and groups assigned to a role across all scopes."

Reviewer: @rolyon  - Should it be 'all scopes' or 'different scopes'?. Do you also want to talk about count in description so that search engine pick it up

Author: Changed to different scopes. Just included count info in intro paragraph.

author: "abhijeetsinha"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# assignedPrincipals
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Get the users and groups assigned to a role across all scopes.

Reviewer: @rolyon  - Suggestion: 
Get direct and transitive principals assigned to a specific role across different scopes. You can use `count` query parameter to get the count as well. If you want to get direct and transitive role assignments for a specific principal, use List transitiveRoleAssignments API.

Author: I updated

|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|User.Read.All, Directory.Read.All, User.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|User.Read.All, Directory.Read.All, User.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/{unifiedRoleDefinitionId}/assignedPrincipals(transitive=Boolean,directoryScopeType='parameterValue',directoryScopeId='parameterValue')
```

## Function parameters
In the request URL, provide the following query parameters with values.
The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this function.

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|transitive|Boolean|Indicates whether to include principals assigned through group membership (direct or transitive). `false` by default.|
|directoryScopeType|String|Directory scope type to get assigned principals for. Supported values are `tenant`, `administrativeUnit`, and `resource`.|
|directoryScopeId|String|ID of the directory scope to get assigned principals for. By default, all scopes are considered.|

> ### Scopes

Reviewer: @rolyon - Shouldn't the heading be 'directoryScopeType' or something of this sort? Basically, this section is explaining how to use directoryScopeType in different scenarios.

Author: I updated

|Scope|Query|Supported for|
|:---|:---|:---|
|All scopes|`assignedPrincipals(transitive=true\|false)`|All roles|
|Tenant scope|`assignedPrincipals(directoryScopeType='tenant', transitive=true\|false)`|All roles|
|All administrative unit scopes|`assignedPrincipals(directoryScopeType='administrativeUnit', transitive=true\|false)`|Directory roles|
|Specific administrative unit scope|`assignedPrincipals(directoryScopeType='administrativeUnit', directoryScopeId ='<guid>', transitive=true\|false)`|Directory roles|
|All resource scopes|`assignedPrincipals(directoryScopeType='resource', transitive=true\|false)`|Directory roles|
|Specific resource scope|`assignedPrincipals(directoryScopeType='resource', directoryScopeId ='<guid>', transitive=true\|false)`|Directory roles|

> 

Reviewer: @rolyon - We need to talk about `count` parameter as discussed in the API. It is a key reason for building this API. Probably, we will have to include a section for 'Optional query parameters'

Author: Added an Optional query parameters section

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this function returns a `200 OK` response code and a [directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md) collection in the response body.

## Examples

The following example gets directly assigned principals for a specific administrative unit scope and directory role.

> ### Request

Reviewer: @rolyon - We need more examples here. Refer to api doc.

Author: Added examples from api doc

---
title: "List assignedPrincipals"

> description: "Get the list of principals (users and groups) directly or transitively assigned to a specific role for different scopes."

Author: @abhijeetsinha - Can you review?

> description: "Get the list of principals (users and groups) directly or transitively assigned to a specific role for different scopes."

Reviewer: @rolyon , @FaithOmbongi - Service principals will also be returned, along with users and groups. Either use 'security principals' or add 'service principals' in the list.

> description: "Get the list of principals (users and groups) directly or transitively assigned to a specific role for different scopes."

Author: I changed to
security principals (users, groups, and service principals)

author: "abhijeetsinha"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# List assignedPrincipals
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Get the list of principals (users and groups) directly or transitively assigned to a specific role for different scopes. You can use the `count` query parameter to also get the count.

If you want to list the direct and transitive role assignments for a specific principal, use the [List transitiveRoleAssignments](rbacapplication-list-transitiveroleassignments.md) API.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. At a minimum, a caller must have the `RoleManagement.Read.Directory` permission for queries. If the caller does not have permission to read properties for some of the objects included in the result set, the response will follow the [limited information returned for inaccessible member objects](/graph/permissions-reference#limited-information-returned-for-inaccessible-member-objects) pattern.

To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

> ### Read role assignments

Reviewer 2: Coming to the permissions last because I needed to correlate with your examples first.

Can I assume this represents permissions for direct role assignments only? If so, let's change the header to "Read direct role assignments".

Author: @abhijeetsinha - Can you review?

Reviewer: @rolyon , @FaithOmbongi - Agreed. To read transitve role assignments, the app should have the permission to read group memberships as well.

Author: I changed header to
Read direct role assignments

> |Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
> |:---|:---|
> |Delegated (work or school account)|RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory, Directory.ReadWrite.All|
> |Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
> |Application|RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory, Directory.ReadWrite.All|

Reviewer 2: Let's avoid listing Directory.ReadWrite.All unless the others won't work.
```suggestion
|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory|
```

### Read group membership

These permissions are required for transitive assignment queries.

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|GroupMember.Read.All, Group.Read.All, Directory.Read.All, GroupMember.ReadWrite.All, Group.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|GroupMember.Read.All, Group.Read.All, Directory.Read.All, GroupMember.ReadWrite.All, Group.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|

### Read standard group properties

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Group.Read.All, Directory.Read.All, Group.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Group.Read.All, Directory.Read.All, Group.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|

### Read standard user properties

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|User.Read.All, Directory.Read.All, User.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|

> |Application|User.Read.All, Directory.Read.All, User.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|

Reviewer 2: Let me get back to you on this because I don't think these permissions by themselves work for this API, right? They work in combination with the RoleManagement* permissions. So we need a better way to represent these.

## Optional query parameters

This method supports the `$count` OData query parameter to help customize the response. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this function returns a `200 OK` response code and a [directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md) collection in the response body.

## Examples

For the examples in this section, consider the following role assignment scenario. A user named Alice has both direct and transitive role assignments as follows:

| User | Group | Role | Scope |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| User1<br/>`6c62e70d-f5f5-4b9d-9eea-ed517ed9341f` |  | Role1 | Scope1 |
| User1<br/>`6c62e70d-f5f5-4b9d-9eea-ed517ed9341f` |  | Role1 | Scope2 |
|  | Group1<br/>`86b38db7-6e8b-4ad2-b2aa-ced7f09486c1`<br/>(User1 is a member) | Role1 | Scope1 |
|  | Group2<br/>`182351a6-d974-4d18-88ae-8a148da44cd2`<br/>(User1 is a member) | Role1 | Scope1 |

> |  | Group3<br/>`b93d5379-a464-4db5-b8e1-694910f1e11e`<br/>(User2 is a member)<br/>(User3 is a member) | Role1 | Scope3 |

Author: I think better to have User column blank to show that role assignment is on group instead of user.

> |  | Group3<br/>`b93d5379-a464-4db5-b8e1-694910f1e11e`<br/>(User2 is a member)<br/>(User3 is a member) | Role1 | Scope3 |

Author: I think more understandable to have group in a separate column.

| `https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/b0f54661-2d74-4c50-afa3-1ec803f12efe/assignedPrincipals(transitive=false)/microsoft.graph.user/$count` | 1<br/>(User1) |
| `https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/b0f54661-2d74-4c50-afa3-1ec803f12efe/assignedPrincipals(transitive=true)/microsoft.graph.user/$count` | 3<br/>(User1, User2, User3) |
| `https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/b0f54661-2d74-4c50-afa3-1ec803f12efe/assignedPrincipals(transitive=false)/microsoft.graph.group/$count` | 3<br/>(Group1, Group2, Group3) |
| `https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/b0f54661-2d74-4c50-afa3-1ec803f12efe/assignedPrincipals(transitive=true)/microsoft.graph.group/$count` | 3<br/>(Group1, Group2, Group3) |

### Example 2: Get directly assigned principals for a specific administrative unit scope and directory role

#### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "unifiedroledefinition_assignedprincipals_scope_role"
}
-->
``` http

> GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/b0f54661-2d74-4c50-afa3-1ec803f12efe/assignedPrincipals(directoryScope='administrativeUnit', directoryScopeId ='<guid>')

Reviewer 2: Same comment as in directoryScopeId property. Please use an actual value that will help customers correlate with the pattern.

```

#### Response
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.directoryObject)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#directoryObjects",
  "value": [
    {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
        "id": "6c62e70d-f5f5-4b9d-9eea-ed517ed9341f"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Example 3: Get directly assigned principals for all scopes

#### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "unifiedroledefinition_assignedprincipals_allscopes"
}
-->
``` http

> GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/b0f54661-2d74-4c50-afa3-1ec803f12efe/assignedPrincipals

Reviewer 2: I see the API.md shows the syntax as `/assignedPrincipals()`. Please verify.

Author: When I include the empty parentheses, apidoctor beta displays the following error:
Error: unifiedroledefinition_assignedprincipals_allscopes:
Malformed function params . Expected key-value params e.g. /function1(key=value). Remove parentheses if no params are expected.

```

#### Response
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.directoryObject)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#directoryObjects",
  "value": [
    {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
        "id": "6c62e70d-f5f5-4b9d-9eea-ed517ed9341f",
        "displayName": "User1",
        "userPrincipalName": "user1@contoso.com"
    },
    {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.group",
        "id": "86b38db7-6e8b-4ad2-b2aa-ced7f09486c1",
        "displayName": "Group1"
    },
    {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.group",
        "id": "182351a6-d974-4d18-88ae-8a148da44cd2",
        "displayName": "Group2"
    },
    {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.group",
        "id": "b93d5379-a464-4db5-b8e1-694910f1e11e",
        "displayName": "Group3"
    }
  ]
}
```

> ### Example 4: Get directly assigned users only for a particular scope

Reviewer 2: This correct?
```suggestion
### Example 4: Get directly assigned users only for a tenant-wide scope
```

|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|GroupMember.Read.All, Group.Read.All, Directory.Read.All, GroupMember.ReadWrite.All, Group.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|GroupMember.Read.All, Group.Read.All, Directory.Read.All, GroupMember.ReadWrite.All, Group.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|

### Read standard group properties

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Group.Read.All, Directory.Read.All, Group.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Group.Read.All, Directory.Read.All, Group.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|

### Read standard user properties

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|User.Read.All, Directory.Read.All, User.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|User.Read.All, Directory.Read.All, User.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

> 

Reviewer 2: Suggestion - given this API can be used to get either direct assignments or direct+transitive assignments
```suggestion
The following query syntax retrieves only principals with direct assignments.
```

Reviewer: @FaithOmbongi , @rolyon - We are talking about just schema at this point in the doc. Why do you want to suggest about direct/transitive here? 

The API in general supports both transitive as well as direct principals via a paramtere. We should not leave customers with the impression that it is only for principals who are directly assigned.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http

> GET /roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/{unifiedRoleDefinitionId}/assignedPrincipals()

Reviewer: @FaithOmbongi - I cannot recall how functions are expressed in HTTP call. I think parentheses are required, but if you have tested it and know for sure, then its fine.
cc: @rolyon

> GET /roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/{unifiedRoleDefinitionId}/assignedPrincipals()

Reviewer 2: @abhijeetsinha - When parentheses are included, they should have explicitly function parameters - Robert hit a validation error when he used empty parentheses. Then this syntax aligns with examples 3,5.

> GET /roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/{unifiedRoleDefinitionId}/assignedPrincipals()

Reviewer 2: Latest test results: API has been fixed and no longer throws an error when you use empty parentheses.

```

> 

Reviewer 2: Same suggestion as the into statement above
```suggestion
To retrieve principals with both direct and transitive assignments, apply the **transitive** [function parameter](#function-parameters).
```

Reviewer: @FaithOmbongi - We have a full section on Function Parameters. Why do you want to add a blurb which talks about just transitive/direct? If we go by the this convention, then we have to express the details of the parameters in text. 
BTW, these are my thoughts. You all the are expert and I would go with what you suggest.
cc: @rolyon

## Function parameters
In the request URL, provide the following query parameters with values.
The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this function.

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|transitive|Boolean|Indicates whether to include principals assigned through group membership (direct or transitive). `false` by default.|
|directoryScopeType|String|The directory scope to get assigned principals for. Supported values are `tenant`, `administrativeUnit`, and `resource`.|
|directoryScopeId|String|ID of the directory scope to get assigned principals for. By default, all scopes are considered.|

You can also combine all the supported function parameters in one request for fine-grained results.

### Example query patterns for directoryScopeType

|Scope|Query|Supported for|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |All scopes|`/assignedPrincipals(transitive={true | false})`|All roles|

Reviewer 3: you need to escape every pipe (`|`) character inside a table with `\|` otherwise it will confuse the markdown engine.

Author: Since formatted as inline code, I think okay. It renders correctly in build.

|Tenant scope|`/assignedPrincipals(directoryScopeType='tenant', transitive={true | false})`|All roles|
|All administrative unit scopes|`/assignedPrincipals(directoryScopeType='administrativeUnit', transitive={true | false})`|Directory roles|
|Specific administrative unit scope|`/assignedPrincipals(directoryScopeType='administrativeUnit', directoryScopeId ='{roleDefinitionId | templateId}', transitive={true | false})`|Directory roles|
|All resource scopes|`/assignedPrincipals(directoryScopeType='resource', transitive={true | false})`|Directory roles|
|Specific resource scope|`/assignedPrincipals(directoryScopeType='resource', directoryScopeId ='{roleDefinitionId | templateId}', transitive={true | false})`|Directory roles|

## Optional query parameters

> This method supports the `$count` OData query parameter to help customize the response. You can also filter by OData casts, for example, `microsoft.graph.user` and `microsoft.graph.group`. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

Reviewer 2: Suggestions to include more query parameters based on tests
```suggestion
This method supports the `$count`, `$select`, `$filter`, and `$orderBy` OData query parameters to help customize the response. You can also filter by the type of object using OData casts. For example, `/assignedPrincipals(transitive=false)/microsoft.graph.user` and `/assignedPrincipals(transitive=true)/microsoft.graph.servicePrincipal/$count`. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).
```

+ Two direct role assignments to User1 at Scope1 and Scope2
+ Two transitive role assignments to User1 through Group1 and Group2
+ Two transitive role assignments to User 2 and User3 through Group3.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: text/plain

6
```

Using the same scenario, the following examples show the counts that will be returned for each query pattern:

| Example | Count |
| --- | ---|
| `/assignedPrincipals(transitive=false)/$count` | 4<br/>(User1, Group1, Group2, Group3) |
| `/assignedPrincipals(transitive=false)/microsoft.graph.user/$count` | 1<br/>(User1) |
| `/assignedPrincipals(transitive=true)/microsoft.graph.user/$count` | 3<br/>(User1, User2, User3) |
| `/assignedPrincipals(transitive=false)/microsoft.graph.group/$count` | 3<br/>(Group1, Group2, Group3) |
| `/assignedPrincipals(transitive=true)/microsoft.graph.group/$count` | 3<br/>(Group1, Group2, Group3) |

### Example 2: Get directly assigned principals for a specific administrative unit scope and directory role

#### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "unifiedroledefinition_assignedprincipals_scope_role"
}
-->
``` http

> GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/b0f54661-2d74-4c50-afa3-1ec803f12efe/assignedPrincipals(directoryScope='administrativeUnit', directoryScopeId ='d0c2e067-9ae9-4dbf-a280-51a51c46f432')

Reviewer 2: Fixed function parameter
```suggestion
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/b0f54661-2d74-4c50-afa3-1ec803f12efe/assignedPrincipals(directoryScopeType='administrativeUnit', directoryScopeId ='d0c2e067-9ae9-4dbf-a280-51a51c46f432')
```

```

#### Response
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.directoryObject)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#directoryObjects",
  "value": [
    {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",

>         "id": "6c62e70d-f5f5-4b9d-9eea-ed517ed9341f"

Reviewer 2: OK, it might be inconsequential but in Example 4, this same user ID (user1) is scoped to the tenant - might be confusing for customers using your scenario as a reference point.

    }
  ]
}
```

### Example 3: Get directly assigned principals for all scopes

#### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "unifiedroledefinition_assignedprincipals_allscopes"
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/b0f54661-2d74-4c50-afa3-1ec803f12efe/assignedPrincipals
```

#### Response

> >**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

Reviewer 2: Q: Given that the response below doesn't indicate the user1 twice (at scope1 & scope2), should we indicate in a response description that the response shows only unique instances of assignments to that role, regardless of whether a principal has multiple assignments to that role at different scopes?

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.directoryObject)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#directoryObjects",
  "value": [
    {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
        "id": "6c62e70d-f5f5-4b9d-9eea-ed517ed9341f",

>         "displayName": "User1",
>         "userPrincipalName": "user1@contoso.com"

Reviewer 2: Assuming only RoleManagement.Read is granted (it's inferred by lack of additional info in the example intro), should be `null`. 
```suggestion
        "displayName": null,
        "userPrincipalName": null
```

    },
    {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.group",
        "id": "182351a6-d974-4d18-88ae-8a148da44cd2",
        "displayName": "Group2"
    },
    {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.group",
        "id": "b93d5379-a464-4db5-b8e1-694910f1e11e",
        "displayName": "Group3"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Example 4: Get directly assigned users only for a tenant-wide scope

#### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "unifiedroledefinition_assignedprincipals_scope"
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/b0f54661-2d74-4c50-afa3-1ec803f12efe/assignedPrincipals(directoryScopeType='tenant')/microsoft.graph.user
```

#### Response
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.directoryObject)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#directoryObjects",
  "value": [
    {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
        "id": "6c62e70d-f5f5-4b9d-9eea-ed517ed9341f",

>         "displayName": "User1",
>         "userPrincipalName": "user1@contoso.com"

Reviewer 2: Same comment as Example 3 applies
```suggestion
        "displayName": null,
        "userPrincipalName": null
```

    }
  ]
}
```

> ### Example 5: Get transitive assigned principals and inline count with minimum permission set
> 
> The following example gets the transitive assigned principals and inline count with ([RoleManagement.Read.Directory](/graph/permissions-reference#role-management-permissions) + [GroupMember.Read.All](/graph/permissions-reference#group-permissions)) permission set.

Reviewer 2: - Tested and the query doesn't return transitive assigned principals until you explicitly use the `transitive=true` parameter in the function.
- Assigning the Group permissions also has no bearing on the results compared with just RoleManagement.Read permission - so no need to add this overhead.

```suggestion
### Example 5: Get directly assigned principals and inline count

The following example gets the directly assigned principals and displays an inline count.
```

#### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "unifiedroledefinition_assignedprincipals_minimumpermission_count"
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/b0f54661-2d74-4c50-afa3-1ec803f12efe/assignedPrincipals?$count=true
```

#### Response
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.directoryObject)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#directoryObjects",
  "@odata.count": 6,
  "value": [

>     {
>         "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
>         "id": "6c62e70d-f5f5-4b9d-9eea-ed517ed9341f",
>         "displayName": null,
>         "userPrincipalName": null
>     },
>     {
>         "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
>         "id": "95024ec5-8e34-47bd-bd7c-ab034b6dc64e",
>         "displayName": null,
>         "userPrincipalName": null
>     },
>     {
>         "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
>         "id": "951e631d-11aa-49c3-95d1-4cdad24986d5",
>         "displayName": null,
>         "userPrincipalName": null
>     },

Reviewer 2: Tested and I don't see user 2 and user 3 getting returned because your request URL doesn't include `transitive=true`. Can you confirm?
```suggestion
    {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
        "id": "6c62e70d-f5f5-4b9d-9eea-ed517ed9341f",
        "displayName": null,
        "userPrincipalName": null
    },
```

Author: I think you are correct. I see the same thing when I test. I removed user2 and user3.

    {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.group",
        "id": "86b38db7-6e8b-4ad2-b2aa-ced7f09486c1",

>         "displayName": null
>     },
>     {
>         "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.group",
>         "id": "182351a6-d974-4d18-88ae-8a148da44cd2",
>         "displayName": null
>     },
>     {
>         "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.group",
>         "id": "b93d5379-a464-4db5-b8e1-694910f1e11e",
>         "displayName": null

Reviewer 2: Value of displayName will be returned for groups even without _Group.*_ permissions. It's only for users that it'll be `null`.
```suggestion
        "displayName": "Group 1"
    },
    {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.group",
        "id": "182351a6-d974-4d18-88ae-8a148da44cd2",
        "displayName": "Group 2"
    },
    {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.group",
        "id": "b93d5379-a464-4db5-b8e1-694910f1e11e",
        "displayName": "Group 3"
```

---
title: "unifiedRoleDefinition: assignedPrincipals"

> description: "**TODO: Add Description**"

Reviewer: @rolyon - test comment
